hey good morning family I'm excited to
be with y'all again today you know um
I'm going to bring on a challenge is
what I'm thinking you know let's do
something fun together you know um it
doesn't always have to be serious when I
come on here preaching and whatever but
this is just something that is on my
heart uh you know I I feel like it's
easier when we're at a as a as a team or
a camaraderie you know of things and the
Lord really put it on my heart one day I
was praying and he said to me he said
Bron I really want you to take care of
yourself and and get rid of some weight
I want you to get rid of it you know I
don't lose it cuz I don't want to find
it again you know I want to lo I want to
get rid of it and I don't want to go
back into this this bad cycle of eating
bad and taking care of my my body this
way it's something that I have struggled
with uh my whole life uh eating bad and
and and stress eating or whatever you
know Finding candy or whatever just
always just nibble on chocolate or
nibbling on um chips or whatever and and
I asked the Lord I said I have I have an
addiction Lord it seemed like you know
towards uh bad food and it's been a
stronghold I'm be real with y'all you
know we all have stuff we're going
through but this is something that I
deal with and it's been you know
something that has really been u a real
issue with me and and just being real
with you I'm three I'll be I'll expose
I'm
304 lound right now 304 lb and that's
embarrassing I'm 5'11 304 lb and that's
that's too big and um the Lord said
Brandon I need you to lose 100 pound you
need to get off 100 pound and then you
know whenever I get down to 204 lbs uh
we'll we'll see where we are then but
I'm but I'm believing God in
2024 I'm going to do the things that it
needs to what I need to do to achieve
that goal now I know that it's not going
to just fall off of me by eating the way
I still uh did so I'm going to change it
change it up you know I people have uh
given me emails about keto people given
me emails about carnivore diet so
there's a lot of people that feel like I
need to lose weight you know it's so
it's not just the Lord I'm going to
start off doing ketogenics and um I I
believe I can do this doing keto and and
more carnivore kind of not doing so keto
but eating the meats and and and and
cutting complete sweets out I'm not
going to do sweets I'm not going to do
uh breads or pastas or or things like
that cookies all that I'm I'm cutting it
out cutting out the the treats and I'm
going to really uh no no sugary sodas
nothing you know just really really
fine-tune this thing to exercise take
care of my heart take care of my body
and and focus on being a healthier me in
2024 and you know what we can come on
here every every week I'll come on here
and tell you how much I've lost or even
if I've gained something you know but
I'm believing God that that scale is
going the other way my wife and she said
Brandon I you're handsome regardless of
what you what how you look in front of
me honey I love you but it would be good
if you lost 100 pounds just for your
health and um so I'm I'm just like hey
I'm going to do this but not only lose
it I'm going to keep it off so I don't
want to find it ever again I don't want
to be on the roller coaster diet because
of course y all saw me back in that one
video in my tribulation video and when I
went to the throne room of the Lord I
was doing packet Foods it was um called
um profile by Stanford I was doing those
packet foods and I was eating five times
a day eating 100 calories a day plus a
lean and green and I was doing that and
I lost 80 lbs over that year uh because
it was just on my heart I I was heavy
and I and I and I needed to to do it so
I was like well I did it so I I got a
weight loss coach and he was really good
he was a nice guy and everything and and
I went in there every single every
single week and I weighed in and they
they kept on me well I didn't want to
pay the the $1,500 again to do the
program so I I went away from it and I
and and I gained all that weight back
over a course of a year uh or so just
eating trash again you know and and
nothing wrong with Chick-fil-A but I was
eating the fries and eating McDonald
fries and all these other stuff you know
I don't want nobody trying to come after
me you know you you talking bad about my
company but I'm just telling youall I
like your your food
and I just have to I know you have
healthier Alternatives Chick-fil-A I
know you do uh so I'm not trying to pick
at it I just have I huh it doesn't taste
good though it doesn't taste as
good Braden I'm just trying to say your
your fries are
good and goly you get me all tickled so
I'm not trying to pick at your companies
I'm just trying to say that's just not
the direction I need to go anymore and
so but we love you Chick-fil-A you're
you're a blessing put your weight down
in the comments of how much you're
wanting to lose you know let's do it
together you can write down the um the
the the you don't even have to tell if
you're female or male whatever you know
cuz that's CU girls are real sensitive
to that stuff but you can you can write
down say I'm believing God for 20 lb
this year and every single uh week we'll
weigh in you know you can put it on
there and I'll try to make a video but
I'm trying to reprogram I'm trying to
say I'm trying to reprogram my mind to
think
healthy do not say well you know it's
the way it's always been no it's not
excuse anymore I'm getting older I'm I'm
43 years old I'll be 44 this year and uh
it's it's really serious you know you
start taking care of yourself especially
from hereditary crap you know that your
family's dealt with for years you just
got to go no that's not me I'm not going
home early you know I'm going to stick
around God has a plan for me I have
things I need to do and so I'm not going
to let weight stick in my way anymore
it's going to be something I'm believe
God no more strongholds so what we're
going to do I'm finding scriptures find
scriptures that I have self-control you
know God has not given me a spirit of
fear but a power of love and of a sound
mind I have a sound mind he gives you
self-control a spirit of self-control
the fruits of the spirit one of the
fruits of the spirit I have self-control
I don't need those things you know and
so uh this just things I'm talking y'all
about just being real and so I hope this
uh this blessed y'all I know it's kind
of just kind of just quirky but I'm
believing God I look back at this video
and this time next year in 2024 end of
2024 going into
2025 they're you're going to
go wow you know so that's just what I'm
believing for so let's just pray let's
let believe God father I thank you for
every single person here father that if
they need help with their weight just
like me Lord I petition you all a time
God I thank you that this is the year of
change this is the year that we're not
going back
into that stupid pattern of of eating
wrong and being bad with food
F abusing food but father I thank you
Lord that we use f food as fuel and it's
a it maintains us to take care of it's
not for Comfort it doesn't for enjoyment
I'm looking at it father as a a place of
this is just to keep me alive to sustain
my Ministry and to do what God's called
me to do you know that's just it's a
different a different mindset so father
I thank you Lord that every single one
of us will over come we overcome by the
blood of the lamb and by the word of Our
Testimony and I thank you Father that
there will be a great turnaround of
event in each one of our lives that when
we look back in the next year we're
going to say look it What the Lord Has
Done and we give you all the glory honor
and praise for it in the name of Jesus
and we thank you Lord nothing's too big
we ask you God that you help us give us
Supernatural weight loss
Supernatural weight loss father that
what may take some people uh years to do
God you'll be accelerated in our bodies
to help us father healthy father to be
healthy for you father I take
authority over the Cravings from sugar
Cravings from addictions father I thank
you Lord that they are broken off of us
in Jesus name we have authority over
this stuff and we speak to our Temple we
speak to this body body we say body you
line up with the word of God body you're
not going to act this way no more I have
authority over you flesh and I command
you to stop it right now I command this
this this addictions to be broken off of
me right now in Jesus name strongholds
to be
gone and we believe it father right now
in Jesus name that For Whom the son has
set free is free indeed and I thank you
Lord I thank you Father you're so good
to us Lord and we bless you and we thank
you Lord we thank you we thank you Lord
we consider it done you're a good God
and you're faithful and we believe we
receive it now in the name of Jesus now
I hope that was encouraging to you'all
today if you like it put a thumbs up on
it click that notification Bell
subscribe let's be what's what it helps
me at the algorithms y'all when you do
that you're getting the gospel and
videos like this all out throughout the
world it helps people start clicking it
and I and I start getting heathens
looking at this stuff that are not born
again they're they they need Jesus they
need Jesus and you are helping them find
Jesus I believe with all my heart when
they watch my videos that Jesus loves
them and that's going to set them free
from whatever they need well put a smile
on your face and a song in your heart
Jesus loves you so much and we love you
and we will see you next time yall have
a blessed day bye-bye